Doodle-Frequently Asked Questions(FAQ)

This "Frequently Asked Questions" document will be updated continually to accomodate new information with respect to new updates and changes on the app and will be used in the app to help users find answers to their questions.

What is Doodle?

Doodle is a lightweight, open-source application which with its wide range of features, allows you to express yourself without limits. A good number of tools which having variety a variety of brush sizes are available to suit your creative needs. An extensive set of vibrant colours are ever ready, to aid you in actualizing your creative ideas.

How do I make a doodle?

This can be easily done by either creating a blank canvas, importing a photo from the gallery and taking a photo with the camera. Once the photo is taken with the camera or chosen from the gallery, you can doodle right away. The options are located near the top of the page.

Can I add photos from my gallery or take photos with my camera to doodle on?

Yes, this can be done by using the respective buttons on the page.

Can I change the colour of the background on my blank doodle?

Yes, this can be achieved by creating a blank doodle, tapping on the paint tube icon(4th icon from the top right) and using the slider to select your desired colour. you can tap the "set" button afterwards or use the "random" button to select a random colour.

Can I change the brush colour and size?

One can change the brush colour by tapping on the brush icon(1st icon from bottom left) and tapping the colour palette(1st icon from the bottom right). The brush size can be easily adjusted using the provided slider.

Can I add shapes to my doodle?

Yes. This can be done by tapping the shapes icon(2nd icon from the bottom left). A variety of shapes are available for use.

Can I change the colour of shapes i want to add?

Yes. This can be done by tapping the shapes icon and tapping the colour palette provided at the right end of the shapes toolbox.

Can I change the outline and fill colour of shapes?

Yes. The colour palette placed at the right end of the shapes toolbox changes the fill colour while the one below that changes the outline colour.

Can I undo or Redo actions performed on my doodle?

This can be done by tapping the button on the top right corner of the canvas page. A pop up with a list of commands would apper thereafter.

Can I erase parts of my doodle?

Yes, this can be done with the eraser tool. The eraser tool is provided at the 2nd icon from the bottom right. The eraser size can be adjusted by using the provided slider.

Can I revert all actions performed on my doodle?

This can be achieved by tapping the button at the top right corner of the canvas page and choosing the revert option.

Can I make my doodles in fullscreen?

Yes, this can be done by tapping the button at the top left corner of the canvas page.

How do I save my doodle?

This can be done by using the save button which is the 2nd icon from the top right of the canvas page.

Can I share my doodles?

Yes. This can be done by using the share button which is the 3rd icon from the top right corner of the canvas page.

How do I express myself in my Facebook messenger conversations with Doodle?

On the opening page, tap the button provided at the bottom of the page. You can then choose to continue to Facebook or compose a new Facebook Messenger message.

Where can I leave feedbacks or suggestions or report bugs?

You can leave them on our app page on Google Play Store
Or you can report them directly on:

Our Github issue page - https://github.com/sfllhkhan95/paint/issues
